# Level 1

## About Levels

Welcome to Level One!

Levels are the core of your learning experience on this Bootcamp.

Each week we'll unlock a new level, with new concepts to learn and exercises to solve. Our teaching sessions appear here for you to watch live, and then stay for you to watch back on demand.

I strongly recommend finishing all of the exercises on a level before moving onto the next one.
However, if you get really stuck on one exercise, you might still like to continue on in the next level while waiting for help.
If you feel like a level is too easy, then it shouldn't take you any time at all to solve the exercises within it, so use that for practice anyway.

### How to Complete a Level

To complete a level, you need to solve all the exercises on the right hand side.

## Your first steps in coding

This week largely revolves around drawing using code.
The objective is for you to be able to draw fun things without feeling like you've having to think too hard about getting the right syntax (ie what to write where).
Your drawing ability should be what limits you - not your coding ability!

We have students on this Bootcamp with a wide range of experience-levels, from total beginners to people in full-time dev jobs.

For those just starting out, this first week will contain lots of new information and thinking for you to absorb.
The most important thing is to take your time and build confidence.

For those who are experienced, these first few weeks will feel familiar and probably quite easy.
But I strongly advise you to still watch the videos and explore the mental models I'm building, as they will be different from the way you've approached things before.

Most of all, have fun!
And we'll dig into some more interesting things at Level 2!
